This is my first investment diary. I will publish a 3 minites video everyday to do the market review.
Before I start, I need make something clear, well I am no more than an individual investor, and the only reason I upload 
video is that it's my first time to be a youtuber, and I find it's somewhat interesting, and that's all the reason.
please do not throw dirty words at me if my opinion is wrong or contradictory to yours. 

And also for myself, I am just an individual investor of Chinese A-share market for more than 7 years, and I have done numerous
trades that helped me make more than a million RMB from only 200 thousand.

Also I am not a native English speaker, so if I used some words not proper, your criticism is welcomed.

Besides, currently I only do Chinese market review, well of course it's something I am most familiar with, later I will try to 
switch to US and London market, and add some review on futures, bonds, crypto currencies and etc, all in all, because all of them
have some similiarities, but I need more time to find a stable way to make profit. 

Well usually I use fundamental analysis as well as quantitative analysis to select and monitor the market, but for some special 
market like Chinese market, from all those years' experience, I totally believe, it's a market controlled by some group, or you 
can say, 10% of the market is determined by free capital flow, and the rest 90% is controlled by policies, well maybe this policy
is not that apparent. Later I will make a video exactly on how I look at Chinese market, because we all know it's an extremely 
immature market. we know we can only long, we cannot short, and there is a 10% price fluctuation range per day. 

So let's start today's review. I will use my own way to look at the market.

So recently we are undergoing a weak recover. From the perspective of moving average, the main board index is suppressed by ma 10,
but in short-term, ma 5 is 
the bottom, because a rectangle is formed, and I cannot see any unfavorable information on market. I say presently it's a weak 
recover is because the volumne is still very very small, even in GEM (by which i mean Growth enterprise market, or Second Board),
so in GEM, the volumne is so low that I can't find any incremental capital that can push the index to go higher.

So the conclusion is the index will continue to swing between 3200 and 3450, and all we need to do is buy low sell high.

So today the index slightly dropped, with an very very low trading amount. 3 reasons. firstly, the intervention by the administration
was too excessive, secondly, those which has large amount of financial institutions' capital were falling, which is a burden for 
the index, thirdly, it's a cultural problem, because the Chinese vacation of Mid Autumn Day and National Holiday is approaching, 
the capital is inclined to be less risk-taking, so if no incremental capital choose to step in, the index will not be able to 
witness a big rise.

So in the following days, I think the best way to trade is to control the pace. It's meaningless for the index to rise or fall 
when the trading amount is such low. From the perspective of investors' emotion, especially individuals' emotion, the patience
is being worn down, and only a few people are talking about the bull market.

From the mid-term investment, the technology was the first one the fall, and currently it's still not over. Medical and Food 
companies are still falling, and I am still waiting for the Alchohol, there is a very large probability that when the Alchohol
finished falling, the risk would be totally released and a new round of mid-term share could be my next target.

So I think in recent days, the best strategy is to buy low sell high with a low amount of shares in hand. and wait patiently.

I bought 20% Tonghuashun this morning, the ticker is 300033.

So all for today, wish everyone could make a profit, god bless you.


